Fixes #10298 - Fix registry path information for policies (#10301)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.2/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Logging_Windows.md

### Using Group Policy

> To enable automatic transcription, enable the **Turn on PowerShell Script Block
> Logging** feature in Group Policy through **Administrative Templates** ->
> **Windows Components** -> **Windows PowerShell**.

Reviewer: If I read the issue correctly, this setting has moved, right?

```suggestion
To enable automatic transcription, enable the **Turn on PowerShell Script Block
Logging** feature in Group Policy through **Administrative Templates** ->
**PowerShell Core**.
```
